README.md, before:

# Home Assistant Community App: Tailscale

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
![Project Stage][project-stage-shield]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE.md)

![Supports aarch64 Architecture][aarch64-shield]
![Supports amd64 Architecture][amd64-shield]

[![Github Actions][github-actions-shield]][github-actions]
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]

[![Discord][discord-shield]][discord]
[![Community Forum][forum-shield]][forum]

[![Sponsor Frenck via GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors-shield]][github-sponsors]

[![Support Frenck on Patreon][patreon-shield]][patreon]

Zero config VPN for building secure networks.

## About

Tailscale is a zero config VPN, which installs on any device in minutes,
including your Home Assistant instance.

Create a secure network between your servers, computers, and cloud instances.
Even when separated by firewalls or subnets, Tailscale just works. Tailscale
manages firewall rules for you, and works from anywhere you are.

[:books: Read the full app documentation][docs]

## Support

Got questions?

You have several options to get them answered:

- The [Home Assistant Community Apps Discord chat server][discord] for app
  support and feature requests.
- The [Home Assistant Discord chat server][discord-ha] for general Home
  Assistant discussions and questions.
- The Home Assistant [Community Forum][forum].
- Join the [Reddit subreddit][reddit] in [/r/homeassistant][reddit]

You could also [open an issue here][issue] GitHub.

## Contributing

This is an active open-source project. We are always open to people who want to
use the code or contribute to it.

We have set up a separate document containing our
[contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Thank you for being involved! :heart_eyes:

## Authors & contributors

The original setup of this repository is by [Franck Nijhof][frenck].

For a full list of all authors and contributors,
check [the contributor's page][contributors].

## We have got some Home Assistant apps for you

Want some more functionality to your Home Assistant instance?

We have created multiple apps for Home Assistant. For a full list, check out
our [GitHub Repository][repository].

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021-2026 Franck Nijhof

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[aarch64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/aarch64-yes-green.svg
[amd64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/hassio-addons/app-tailscale.svg
[commits]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/commits/main
[contributors]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/graphs/contributors
[discord-ha]: https://discord.gg/c5DvZ4e
[discord-shield]: https://img.shields.io/discord/478094546522079232.svg
[discord]: https://discord.me/hassioaddons
[docs]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/blob/main/tailscale/DOCS.md
[forum-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/community-forum-brightgreen.svg
[forum]: https://community.home-assistant.io/?u=frenck
[frenck]: https://github.com/frenck
[github-actions-shield]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[github-actions]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/actions
[github-sponsors-shield]: https://frenck.dev/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/github_sponsor.png
[github-sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/frenck
[issue]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/hassio-addons/app-tailscale.svg
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2026.svg
[patreon-shield]: https://frenck.dev/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/patreon.png
[patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/frenck
[project-stage-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-experimental-yellow.svg
[reddit]: https://reddit.com/r/homeassistant
[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/hassio-addons/app-tailscale.svg
[releases]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/releases
[repository]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/repository

Commit message:

Update README with OpenClawHomeAssistant details
Added usage instructions for OpenClawHomeAssistant.

README.md, after:

This repo is intended to be used with the HAOS add-on [OpenClawHomeAssistant](https://github.com/techartdev/OpenClawHomeAssistant).
It works correctly when the settings in OpenClawHomeAssistant are configured as follows:
- Gateway Mode: local
- Gateway Bind Mode: tailnet
- Access Mode: custom or tailnet_https

# Home Assistant Community App: Tailscale

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
![Project Stage][project-stage-shield]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE.md)

![Supports aarch64 Architecture][aarch64-shield]
![Supports amd64 Architecture][amd64-shield]

[![Github Actions][github-actions-shield]][github-actions]
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]

[![Discord][discord-shield]][discord]
[![Community Forum][forum-shield]][forum]

[![Sponsor Frenck via GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors-shield]][github-sponsors]

[![Support Frenck on Patreon][patreon-shield]][patreon]

Zero config VPN for building secure networks.

## About

Tailscale is a zero config VPN, which installs on any device in minutes,
including your Home Assistant instance.

Create a secure network between your servers, computers, and cloud instances.
Even when separated by firewalls or subnets, Tailscale just works. Tailscale
manages firewall rules for you, and works from anywhere you are.

[:books: Read the full app documentation][docs]

## Support

Got questions?

You have several options to get them answered:

- The [Home Assistant Community Apps Discord chat server][discord] for app
  support and feature requests.
- The [Home Assistant Discord chat server][discord-ha] for general Home
  Assistant discussions and questions.
- The Home Assistant [Community Forum][forum].
- Join the [Reddit subreddit][reddit] in [/r/homeassistant][reddit]

You could also [open an issue here][issue] GitHub.

## Contributing

This is an active open-source project. We are always open to people who want to
use the code or contribute to it.

We have set up a separate document containing our
[contribution guidelines](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Thank you for being involved! :heart_eyes:

## Authors & contributors

The original setup of this repository is by [Franck Nijhof][frenck].

For a full list of all authors and contributors,
check [the contributor's page][contributors].

## We have got some Home Assistant apps for you

Want some more functionality to your Home Assistant instance?

We have created multiple apps for Home Assistant. For a full list, check out
our [GitHub Repository][repository].

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021-2026 Franck Nijhof

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

[aarch64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/aarch64-yes-green.svg
[amd64-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/amd64-yes-green.svg
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/hassio-addons/app-tailscale.svg
[commits]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/commits/main
[contributors]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/graphs/contributors
[discord-ha]: https://discord.gg/c5DvZ4e
[discord-shield]: https://img.shields.io/discord/478094546522079232.svg
[discord]: https://discord.me/hassioaddons
[docs]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/blob/main/tailscale/DOCS.md
[forum-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/community-forum-brightgreen.svg
[forum]: https://community.home-assistant.io/?u=frenck
[frenck]: https://github.com/frenck
[github-actions-shield]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[github-actions]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/actions
[github-sponsors-shield]: https://frenck.dev/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/github_sponsor.png
[github-sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/frenck
[issue]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/hassio-addons/app-tailscale.svg
[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2026.svg
[patreon-shield]: https://frenck.dev/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/patreon.png
[patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/frenck
[project-stage-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20stage-experimental-yellow.svg
[reddit]: https://reddit.com/r/homeassistant
[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/hassio-addons/app-tailscale.svg
[releases]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/app-tailscale/releases
[repository]: https://github.com/hassio-addons/repository
